docs(alert): adding dismissable and close event to readme (#624)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: elements/rh-alert/README.md

`Anonymous Slot`
- This is the text that is inserted into the state to be displayed in the main content body. 

An alert consists of the following attributes:

`dismissable`

> - The dismissable attribute adds a close button to the top right of the alert allowing the user to dismiss the alert.  This dispatches a `close` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The dismissable attribute adds a close button to the top right of the alert allowing the user to dismiss the alert. Clicking the close button dispatches a `close` event, then removes the alert from the page.
```

An alert has the following events:

`close`

> - This is fired when the user clicks the close button enabled by the `dismissable` attribute.  Can be prevented via js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is fired when the user clicks the close button enabled by the `dismissable` attribute. Cancelling the event prevents the alert from closing.
```
